ALFHELM THE WISE
================

PART 1: TO GO TO WAR
        You are Alfhelm, son of a great Marauder thain. But your life has not been easy. You were born in 920 SI, and seven years later your father led the Marauders to victory in the Battle of Arendia. Lavinia's might was crushed. But you were left at home, a mere child, and when a Sidhe raid struck your village, your family was killed, and your village was forced our of its native forests, into the western mountains. Your father died in the great Battle of Arendia, and this, combined with your own misfortune, prevented you from taking your rightful place as prince of the Marauders. Instead, you grew up in a small village, with no authority among the clans, prey for the larger Marauder bands. Many of the clans had, after the Sidhe attacks, went south to wreak havoc in Lavinia, but yours was not large enough, and you remained in the foothills of the mountains.

SCENARIO 1: The Seeress (938 SI, December)
	Then, one winter night, you have a dream. You are not versed in prophecy - you must bring your dream to the Seeress of the village, and ask her advice. However, before you may begin your journey to the seeress's house, an orcish band attacked. You, as a warrior in the village, begin to organize the defense. The seeress, who lives further up the mountain than anyone else, must be warned and brought back to the village, and then you must defend the village until the orcs retreat.

SCENARIO 2: A Warrior's Destiny (938 SI, December)
	The seeress explains the prophecy you have been sent. You, Alfhelm, are fated to conquer the land of Lavinia and bring down the Imperial City. This is not what you wanted to hear - your hatred is for the Sidhe, who killed your mother and sisters, not for the Lavinians. However, the seeress warns you against fighting your destiny.
	
SCENARIO 3: Out of the Swamps (939 SI, March)
	Your defence of the village against orcs has already earned you credit among the villagers, and you are the son of a great Marauder thain. When you announced your intention of conquering Lavinia, many Marauders flocked to your standard. Still, you need a larger army. You go to a nearby, larger village, and demand that they join you. When they refuse, you attack them.

SCENARIO 4: For Honor (939 SI, September)
	The village you conquered has joined with you, and more, you hope, will follow. You have already established for yourself a small kingdom. You lead your army in a vaguely north-east direction, towards the heart of marauderdom, and any villages you encounter as you do so you force to join you. All of the villages you have attacked so far have been weak marauder clans, but soon, you find a true tribe of IE_Marauder_Warriors. They refuse to join you, and in fact they order your to join them. You order an attack, but before it can happen a group of Sidhe raiders attacks. Some of the other Marauder tribe allies with you in defeating the Sidhe, but some of it attacks you anyway. The Sidhe and the rebel Marauders must be defeated.

SCENARIO 4t: Berdssenhold (939 SI, October)
	A marriage is arranged between you and Ranhilde, the seeress. You do not want it, but it is, according to Harn Bernsen, a necessity.

SCENARIO 5: Wylflingdom (940 SI, March)
	You have already brought the Berdlings under your banner, in a sense. This means that you control slightly less than half of Marauderdom. You must now enter the other half, Wylflingdom, and convince the Wylfling house to join with you. They will almost certainly refuse, and they must be taught a lesson.




PART 2: WE MARCH AGAINST THE RED AND GOLD
        After you are securely in power in the Marauder forests, you rest, for a while. Your thoughts turn often to the Sidhe, and often to the Lavinians. You cannot go against the Sidhe, Ranhilde says, because it is not your destiny; however, you cannot go against the Lavinians and leave the forests unprotected, and the Frost Elves are refusing to defend the forests while you are gone. You appear to be unable to act, but Ranhilde is patient, and eventually she convinces you to go south to Lavinia, to fulfill your destiny.

SCENARIO 1: Through the Mountains (943 SI, April)
	Your route brings you south, where you must go through the Mountains of Arendia. Thence you will go through Arendia, to the vast plains of Ceresia, then on to conquer Lavinia. But in these mountains of Arendia, a band of orcs attacks you, seeking revenge for your defeat of them five years ago.

SCENARIO 2: South Across the Plains (943 SI, September)
	As you go south and you pass through Arendia, you encounter a semi-fortified village. You attack it, on the seeress's advice, because you need to learn how to capture fortified towns. Lavinia has many of them, not least among them Lavinium. Before attacking it, however, you receive word of a Sidhe attack on your people. You must decide whether to press on or go back; with difficulty, the seeress convinces you to continue, although you do send some of your army back north to defend the forests.

SCENARIO 3: Ceresia (944 SI, May)
	After passing through Arendia, you enter Ceresia across the Arendia River. After pillaging for some time, both in support of your army and for sport, you encounter a true Lavinian-style city, surrounded by stone walls. It is already besieged by a different group of Marauders - there are many of them roaming the lands of Lavinia. This other group, assuming you are going to attack them, torches the wheatfields of Ceresia to prevent your approach. You must capture the town and force this other group of Marauders to join you.

SCENARIO 3t: The Siege Begins (946 SI, May)
	You continue south, towards Lavinium. In two years time, you reach the city itself. You have never seen anything like it. The walls are a hundred feet high, and made of solid stone. The only entrance is through the gates, made of iron and impenetrable when IE_Sealed, and through the river, which runs through the city. You cannot take it by force alone. You decide to seige it. The Lavinians are not stupid; when they see you approach across the plains, they close the gates of the city and refuse to give battle.

SCENARIO 4: A Fizzling Torch (950 SI, July)
	The city has been seiged for five years, but still it does not fall. Even the sight of the dead Lavinians' heads in piles outside their gates does not make them quail. The city must have some source of food within its walls. You decide to send the boatsmen among you on a daring nighttime raid within the city walls to seek out and burn this foodstock. They enter through the western sluicegate, burn the storehouses, and exit through the eastern before the Lavinians have time to IE_Seal it up.

SCENARIO 5: Betrayal / Lavinium Falls (950 SI, August)
        The supplies of the Lavinians burned, the Marauder victory is assured. The mood in your camp is high. In discussion with Harn and Ranhilde, however, it comes out how the marriage between you and her actually came about. Enraged, you send both of them back to Marauderdom - the best punishment that can be inflicted on them is to not let them have a part in your victory over the Lavinians.
        You have seiged the city for almost five years. Now, finally, their food supplies exhausted, the Lavinians open their gates and try to drive you away. With the gates open, you must seize the opportunity; you must force your way within the city walls, take the palace, and behead the Emperor Quirinius Maximus.




PART 3: THE DARK DEPTHS OF THE FOREST
        You have defeated the Lavinians, and, after sacking Lavinium for several days, the Marauder host (well, most of it; many stay behind and rule over the locals) begins making its way back to its homeland. You're return to Marauderdom should have been triumphant, but it is not. It comes out that Ranhilde and Harn arrived back in the Seat of Three Kings several months ago to find that the Sidhe had been attacking. They had led an army east to fight them, but it was widely believed it would be defeated. You rush back to battle, with those of your army who are willing to follow you.

SCENARIO 0t: The Well (951 SI, November)
	Coming through the pass of Arendia back to Marauder lands, you encounter a mounted messenger rushing south to give you news of the Sidhe attacks. You begin to rush north to protect your homeland. As you enter the narrowest point in the Pass, you consider that it is a particular thunderblade - Vaniyera - who is targetting your house (he has a vendetta against the Alflings), and you also remember stories of the Cave-folk (Dwarves), who might possibly have a sword that could defeat Vaniyera in battle. You go to the Well (deep wells that go down to the realms of the dwarves are how surface-dwellers communicate with them) that sits on the eastern side of the Pass of Arendia (near the lake), summon the dwarves, and tell them of your desire. They promise you just such a blade before you face Vaniyera.

SCENARIO 1: The New Border (951 SI, December)
	As you pass through Wylflingdom, you realize how bad the Sidhe attacks have been. Silvia should be Marauder land, but only the Port City remains in Marauder hands. The rest is Elven. You rush to defend the city.

SCENARIO 2: A Harsh Winter (951 SI, February)
	The residents of the city (being Wylfings) are hesitant to help you, but they are willing to say (somewhat too happily) that Ranhilde and Harn have already passed east into the forested lands. Unfortunately, before you can depart and follow them, a cold winter falls, harsher than any in memory - great Ice Bears from the north even dare to come and haunt the land. You are holed in, unable to leave the city.

SCENARIO 3: Unexpected Aid (952 SI, February)
	Just before the spring thaw, help arrives unexpectedly from the North. The Frost Elves, who refused to aid you against Lavinium, are all too happy to fight against the Sidhe. They bring boats, and offer to take you up along the Silvian coastline to the Sidhe lands. Their boats can move in the ice, and you will get there before anyone else is able to move troops. You accept. The travel along the coast is no problem. The difficulty comes when the Sidhe see you attempting to land, and try to stop you.

SCENARIO 4: The Western March (952 SI, February)
	Having forced your way into the forests of the Wild Elves, you move south, believing that Harn and Ranhilde would be somewhere in this general region defending against the Sidhe. The Elves do not let you pass through their land uncontested.

SCENARIO 4t: It Doesn't Matter Anyway (952 SI, March)
	You finally catch up to Harn and Ranhilde. It turns out, they spend the winter in the old plantations on the border of Silvia and the Western March of the Sidhe lands. They have just attacked the Elves in an attempt to kill Vaniyera, who is heading the attacks against the Marauder lands. If they had succeeded, the attacks would have ceased, but as it is, Ranhilde has just been mortally wounded in combat. You come upon them at night, in a lull in the battle. You have a short opportunity to talk to Ranhilde, then she is dead. After she dies, you leave the camp to prepare yourself for the duel with Vaniyera that is to come, knowing you will lose, since the Dwarves have not delivered on their promise. Then, a dwarf messenger appears with the blade, gives it to you, and disappears. The sword is named Stormbreaker.

SCENARIO 5: Old Friends (952 SI, March)
	Vaniyera is the one responsible for Ranhilde's death, and he will pay. You must fight him yourself in single combat - but first you must force him to face you, since he has no trust in men and will not come if challenged.
	After chasing after him and forcing him to face you, he suddenly launches an attack upon you as you prepare for the duel. You bring out Stormbreaker and meet his sword, and the Thunderblade shatters. Vaniyera does not give up - he uses his thunder magic and brings out his old Shadowdancer stiletto - but he is eventually defeated and you slay him.




EPILOGUE: I WILL NOT FALL UPON MY BLADE (952 SI, June)
        You have led a life of great deeds, but also of great failures. You failed to get the Frost Elves to help you against Lavinia, or even to agree to defend Marauderdom when you were gone, and thus brought on the Sidhe invasions. You took the city of Lavinium, but only after five years wasted. Most importantly, you allowed your wife to die in battle against the Marauders because of your own weakness.
        The great deeds of your life are clearly behind you. The Marauder people, always fickle, no longer want you as king - not without Ranhilde as queen. The alliance seems doomed to fracture, as there is no heir to the throne. To retain your honor, you are expected to die in battle. Harn advises you as such.
        However, you refuse. You will not return to the Seat of Three Kings and attempt to rule, but neither will you commit what is essentially suicide against the Sidhe Elves. Instead, you send the rest of your army back to Marauderdom and go yourself further south, to the mouth of the Arendian river, where you live until your natural death.
