!THE AGE OF THE KNIGHT

YK: Years of the Knight


!!!1-80 YK: Darkness Falls Across the Land

These next few centuries are considered to be the first real Dark Age. Order had been destroyed over much of the continent, and in the northern forests, where the old boundaries still remained, war was brewing. in the Dark Age, the Marauders and Sidhe fought often and intermittently, never fully defeated one another. This lasted until 80 YK, when their battles began in earnest, and the two peoples fought not for plunder, but for revenge, to the bitter death.

With the Marauders victorious and the Lavinian lands conquered, the Arendians turned back to their lands to strengthen their fortress in case of an assault. They were a new people, no longer shackled to Lavinia. And Lavinia itself was now a mere village, just one town among many. The name Lavinia was no longer feared across the land, for the Empire had fallen, and the age of the Empire was at its end.

In the forgotten Western Mountains and the steppes beyond, the Orcs were growing in numbers. Beginning with the Lavinian victory over Aiyira, when they abandoned the Western Mountains, they began again to repopulate with orcs, and soon the orcs were reaching a critical mass. The orcs would yet be a threat to the peoples of Evrosia.



!!!80-105 YK: The Second Marauder-Sidhe War

For almost a millenium the Marauders had skirmished with the Sidhe, never daring a full-out assault on Mount Stormkeep, and  unable to defeat the Sidhe without aid from the Frost Elves, who refused to directly fight against their separated brethren. Now, however, spurred by tales of Alfhelm the Wise's victory against Vaniyera, they began the Second Marauder-Sidhe War. This time, out of a desire to end the combat once and for all, the Frost Elves came to battle, coming in a surprise attack from the north in 101 YE.

Before the final marauder war, many 'border living' sidhe, especially near the north, started to be in contact and communicate more with the frost elves. Not the marauders, though. As a reaction to this behavior, many of the darker, more xenophobic sidhe started to begin increasingly preach the pureness of the sidhe elven genes. They called themselves 'Protectors of the Elven Fae'. They were largely ignored in the North, but in the West, South-West and Center they started to strengthen. At the very south The were weak as well (Trashan). When the marauder and sidhe war began, they began 'calling a crusade' against the marauders. This won them high favor with many Thunderblades in the council (those in charge of their districts). As a result, the government became increasingly controlled by the 'Protectors'. The sidhe soldiers found themselves in a very strong racial war -and the committed many war crimes against the marauders. This began to disgust the other thunderblades, who formed a 'pact' of tolerant sidhe. When news began circulating of the Frost Elves attacking, these thunderblades left with the armies/militias of their districts and traveled north, where they joined the ranks of the Frost Elven army. With the enormous fighting force of the Marauders and United Elves, Mt Stormkeep quickly fell. Under the terms of surrender, the remaining thunderblades who did not join the now united elves where allowed to make their own, new nation. 'The Protectors of the Elven Fae' became 'Droch Fae'. 

Thus a peace came to the northlands, and a new order. The High Elves - as they were now known - would not be governed from Alfenheim or Mount Stormkeep, but from Portum Frigae, the Lavinian city that was sacked by the Marauders and then ceded to the Frost  Elves. As for the men of the region, they became known as the Aragwaithi, the friends of the High Elves, for they remembered their alliance with the Frost Elves and chose to see the High Elves as the descendants of that people, not as a blend of the Frost Elves and the hated Sidhe.

But not all were happy with this structure, and in the frigid far north and the depths of the eastern forest, the Droch Fae arose, challenging the might of the High Elves and Aragwaithi.



!!!150-196 YE: The Orcish and Undead Invasions

In the years since the fall of Lavinium, the orcs had often raided the former territories of the Empire, and the small Arendian nation. However, they had never posed a serious threat to the very existence of Arendia. Then, around 150 YE, they began increasing the frequency of their attacks, and their severity. It also became clear that there were two different groups of orcs, led by two different leaders, which were not particularly friendly to each other. The Khaganate began raiding further south, in old Lavinia and Airiya, and Arendia was attacked by the ones whose leader had no known name.

It was already a time of great chaos on Evrosia, for the southern lands of Arendia, Ceresia and Lavinia were in chaos, and even in areas that were by in theory united there was often infighting. Most men gathered into fortified towns for protection, and so were easily isolated and picked off. When the orcish menace reappeared, Arendia was nowhere near prepared for it.

It eventually came out, in 194 YK, that the orcs were led not by an orc, but by a man, a mysterious dark mage named Farnor. At this time he brought out his undead warriors, whom even his orcish servants feared, from the Arendian mountains. He swept through the country like wildfire.

However, he was stopped, not by the Arendian nobles, but by an outlaw from the north who gathered a large enough army, including some outcast Sidhe, to destroy the undead lord and his whole army. Arendia, newly united by this, then became a single country in more than just name again, and re-fortified its borders against orcish hordes. [1]



!!!198-205 YE: The Khans are Repulsed from the South

The Arendian victory over Farnor served as the role model for the rest of the southern lands, subjugated to the Orcish Khans. They learned to unite, led by the kings - descended from Marauders,  though with much Lavinian blood in them - of East and West Ceresia. The kings at this time were NAME and NAME, respectively.

Eventually they overthrew their Khaganate overlords, and the orcs withdrew across the mountains, back to the Steppes, and across the desert to the lands of Airiya. There they would rule, for a time, until their attention moved northward to the Aragwaithi and the Kedari and Ainsarii rose against them.



!!!220-265 YK – The Great Dispute

Amongst the elves that lived outside the High Elven territory, a great dispute arose. Two great leaders of the Droch, Jalyn and Dagon, came to a great rivalry, and rallied the Droch to each of their cause. Each was in command of their own Province, where a system was made to keep life fair for all. Jalyn lived to the East of Silvia, Dagon to the north-west, with the plains of Silvia in between them, and the High Elf cities.

The dispute was of … (It’s all in my head, just not on paper, and I need it written down properly) … which caused a rift in both Jalyn and Dagon’s own policies. Dagon placed himself as rightful ruler and commander of the Droch Armies, and declared war on all those who would deny his cause, of total dominance (this is sort of the dispute). Now while Dagon commanded most of the armies of the Droch, well skilled warriors, many of the Generals being Veteran warriors from the times of old. 

Jalyn, being a man of the people, denied this, and also rallied people to his cause. He led the people, those who believed in proper rights among all elves. And so Civil War broke out amongst the two forests. And the High Elves let the two fight amongst themselves for the time being.

Now Jalyn rallied people to his cause, those who were devoted, and those that were forced to succumb to him, and those who did so out of fear of their lives. His expedition towards the Western Forests was a long and arduous journey. Where they had to fight Dagon’s armies at many points, and many other perils as well.



!!!265-270 YK - Dagon Slain

With the full army of the Droch behind Jalyn and his cause, and only Dagon, his Guards, and what was left of cabin of Generals before him, victory was at hand. The citadel atop of Mount Stormkeep, the perfect defending point. With higher ground, and natural resources constantly coming through the Mountain, via the fresh spring Lake. 

Dagon held out for five years, until Jalyn’s army both climbed the mount and assaulted the keep. Dagon was slain by Jalyn’s sword, and it appeared that all would be well for the time being.



!!!280-300 YK - The Dark Alliance

At this time the Khaganates turned towards the north, the forests of the Aragwaithi. They desired to reign over these lands as well, and saw the might of the Aragwaithi as a worthy challenge.

As they invaded, they came across a messenger from the Droch Fae, who desired an alliance between the Khan and his own people. This was to their mutual benefit; their enemies were the same, and, though they detested each other, they shared no borders, and so (for now) they had no need to fight. They would only gain from coordinating their attacks on the peoples in between. The Khans agreed.

Thus began the great northern war, which raged across all of the northern forests, and often coming as far south as Arendia, which suffered greatly from armies passing through, but which was never conquered.


!!!300-310 - The Great Northern War
The war raged for ten long years, with many twists and turns (insert said twists and turns later). Eventually, however, Mount Stormkeep and the great city of the Khans fell, and the Aragwaithi and High Elves were triumphant. Theirs was a bitter victory, however, as they lost nearly a third of their population, and the Elven peoples never recovered completely from it.

[1]: Invasion of Arendia, by RangerM
