=== GALI'S CONTRACT ===
A campaign by Turin (Joseph Simmons)

CAST OF CHARACTERS
= MAIN CHARACTERS (in order of appearance)
== Gali - the steward of the Dverkenn Tarn Well.
== Trondar - the head monitor of the Dverkenn Tarn Well.
== Lokka - the lord the northern Cavernei and great-great-grandson of the dwarf who forged the
    Thunderblades.
== Volur - Lokka's head monitor.
= MAJOR CHARACTERS (in order of appearance)
== Friysr sra'Freyn - the Issaelfr lord of Frey-Issaeri Manor, of the Issaeri clan.
== Syren dra'Friysn - the daughter of Friysr, left in charge of Frey-Issaeri Manor after Friysr
    goes to war.
== Alfhelm Alfricsson - the King of the Marauders.
== Vaniyera - the west Thunderblade of the Western March.
== Faolan - the south Thunderblade of the Western March.
== Midur - The Master Guardsman of the Cavernei in charge of the protection of the hidden folk.
== Tattur - The Master Fighter of the Cavernei in charge of the political affairs of the hidden
    folk.
== Gand - The Master Runesmith of the Cavernei in charge of the commerce and contract fulfillment
    of the hidden folk.
== Lunnota - The Master Monitor of the Cavernei in charge of coordinating the Wide Watch.
= MINOR CHARACTERS (in order of appearance)
== Assai - the head guardsman of the Dverkenn Tarn Well.
== Sedran Decyon - an outlaw raider who stumbles upon the Dverkenn Tarn Well in November 951 SI.
== Deram - the head guardsman of the Alfhenheim Tunnels.
== Telme - the captain of the River Ransal Entrance.


INTRODUCTION
When the sword of the elven king Vanimaro was shattered under his fallen body, the dwarves who
witnessed it saw that the blade had, inexplicably, been of dwarven craftsmanship. It was these
dwarves who offered to forge the twelve Thunderblades from its shards. These blades, forged by our
greatest craftsmen and infused with our most powerful magics, were given to the elves at almost no
cost. The elves, after all, were recent arrivals in these lands. The swords were a welcoming gift -
and what a gift!

Now, I was born eight hundred years after the arrival of the elves. When I was a century and a half
old, I - already a Runemaster - was appointed steward of the Dverkenn Tarn well. While no Watcher 
myself, I directed their operations in that region, and whenever it was necessary for a dwarf to
speak to a surface-dweller, I would be that dwarf.

The wells may seem purposeless - why not simply make ourselves available to all who would speak
with us? - but in truth, they are quite necessary. Some dwarves live on the surface, but even they
have wells, for their homes are in remote mountains, and traders of other races could never make
the journey regularly. So we build wells in places convenient for the surface-dwellers - though not
too convenient - through which they can signal a desire to speak with us. If we judge them worth
speaking to, we make the journey from our cities to the location of the well.

In any case, it was my 150th year when a most unusual man dropped a scroll into the Dverkenn well.
It was Alfhelm Alfricsson, called by some the Wise, the lord of the Marauders, returning from
Lavinium in triumph. Our spies had reported all of this to me. I knew also of his wife Ranhilde,
and her hopeless battle against the Sidhe. It is not often that royalty converse with the dwarves;
we deal much more with merchants and the like. I was curious, then - curious indeed - to see what
Alfhelm could possibly wish to speak with us about.

As it turned out, he had just then heard of his wife's struggles, and he purposed to do something
about it. The Sidhe lord behind his sorrows was named Vaniyera - a Thunderblade. Alfhelm wished to
kill this elf. To slay a Thunderblade meant either treachery, or beating the elf in swordplay -
something my ancestors had ensured was impossible. Alfhelm was no traitor, and so he needed
something unimaginable - a sword that could defeat a thunderblade.

Alfhelm could pay us well. I agreed to create for him such a sword, to be delivered before he
fought his nemesis, in exchange for the bulk of the treasure he had carried out of Lavinium. It was
almost amusing; much of what he gave us had come originally from our own treasuries, in exchange
for Lavinian grain.

When a steward receives a contract from a surface-dweller, he normally relays it to the council and
they decide who fulfills it, but this is not, strictly speaking, mandatory. I decided to forge this
sword myself. It would prove my worth as a smith. This sword was to be my masterpiece.


1. KINGS AND BEGGARS (951 SI, November)
So, I began to think about how to make such a sword. I had a few ideas, but nothing definite... I
would need more time, more time.

A few days after Alfhelm spoke to me, we were visited by a dwarf named Lokka. He was the lord of
the northern Cavernei, those who interacted with the Issaelfr and, occasionally, the Marauders. He
was also the great-great-grandson of the dwarf who forged the Thunderblades. He was returning home
from the deep south, where he had went to see the wreckage of Lavinium for himself.

When he asked what project I was working on at the time, I told him of my contract with Alfhelm.
This greatly agitated him, and he insisted that a project of such significance had to be approved
by the Masters before I could begin. I told him that he could go report it if he wanted to, but I
was going to start working on it. He then demanded the use of the lodestone - a great expense,
transporting menn, which we try to avoid as much as possible, but he insisted, and he did outrank
me - and departed in a great hurry.

The next day, the sentry at the gate reported a group of men coming towards the well. When they
reached the well, however, they did not stop there - they continued towards the tarn, searching out
our hiding place. What is more, they found it. This band of outlaws attacked our sentry and tried
to force its way into the tunnels.

They were, with some difficulty, repulsed. One of them almost disturbed the lodestone - that would
have been a calamity indeed - but he was stopped in time. When we finally fought our way back to
the entrance and surrounded the leader of these men, he refused to tell us how he found the place,
saying only that he had been told that there was a cave somewhere in the area, guarded by dwarves,
with gold and a valuable iron rock.


2. OUR FRIENDS IN THE NORTH (951 SI, December)
The outlaw incursion, though put down without immense difficulty, troubled me. Seldom did men
discover our hiding place by themselves, and seldom did they try to take us by force... but we
attributed it to the chaos caused by the fall  of the Empire, nothing more.

For the next week, Trondar and I delved into the lore of the thunderblades, looking for a weakness
to exploit. We read through everything in the forge library that might be relevant, to no avail.
We had no documents about the forging of the thunderblades.

Finally, I admitted defeat. I knew that the thunderblades had been forged in the tunnels of the
Alfenheim dwarves, the tunnels of Lord Lokka; perhaps there was something in their library
describing the blades' runic structure.

We had little choice but to go there, and traveling over land would take much too long. We
dispatched a message to the Alfenheim tunnels, requesting permission to travel via their lodestone.
They granted it.

When I arrived there, however, I found myself surrounded and under arrest by the order of the
monitor Volur, acting under Lokka's authority. I quickly sent off a message through the lodestone
to Trondar, telling him to bring reinforcements to me, and quickly, and to come himself if
possible. He came just in time, and we broke through the guards who tried to arrest me, captured
Volur, and forced him to tell us where to find the book we were looking for. He somehow teleported
away from captivity after revealing this information.

Lokka himself arrived on the scene soon after this, coming through the tunnels in the north and
leading a large army. Luckily, the book was located on the opposite side of the cavern, and we were
able to locate it and leave the caverns with his warriors at our heels. When we got outside the
caves, we slammed the doors behind us, and found that we had locked ourselves out in the cold, with
a winter storm approaching.


3. THROUGH FIRE AND ICE (951 SI, December)
We traveled south for several days, the snow piling ever higher. As we walked, Trondar and I
discussed our options. We would be frozen if we did not find shelter soon - but where? Ideally, we
would find a minor cave entrance and barricade ourselves there while we forged the sword. I had
only glanced over the books we had stolen, but they appeared to give us the information we needed.
If we could not find that, though, what other options did we have? The was also the problem of the
bears - we had heard fierce growling from beyond the firelight the night before.

Trondar proposed we try to make our way down, out of the mountains, and try to contact the
Issaelfr.They might be able to help us - either give us shelter, or direct us to somewhere safe. If
nothing else, it would bring us further away from Lokka and his menn, and perhaps throw them off of
our trail. And so we did so. We had to use dwarven torches to fight our way through the ice bears
to get there, but eventually we made our way to Frey-Issaeri Manor, the home of the lord Friysr.

Friysr refused to give us shelter in his own manor without knowing why we could not go back
underground. This we could not tell him - Trondar rightly stopped me from doing so, for the
troubles of our people cannot be known to the outside world - but he was able to tell us where the
nearest minor entrance was. Thus we quickly made our way to the River Ransal Entrance and forced
our way in. We were, finally, out of the cold. In return, I told Friysr what he would be grieved to
hear - Alfhelm planned to attack Vaniyera and would need his help if the entire Marauder-Issaelfr
alliance was not to dissolve.


4. A MIND OF METAL AND WHEELS (952 SI, February)
We seized control of the River Ransal minor entrance in late December of the year in which Alfhelm
returned to the north. Only a minor entrance, it had no lodestone, and we were forced to spend the
winter there. For the next month, Trondar and I studied the runic structure of the thunderblades,
searching for a weakness. We did not find one. Lokka's ancestors had done their work well; the
blades could not be harmed by the runes of fire, the runes of iron, the runes of water, or the
runes of stone...

Invincible, then. Or so Trondar and I believed. But then I had an idea. Perhaps runes could not
break a thunderblade... but steel could snap, runes or no. Do not carve counter-runes; simply
ignore the runes and make a sword that is strong enough, heavy enough, to break it by itself. Of
course, the steel of the thunderblades, ignoring all the runes, was still a formidable opponent. We
would need... something never seen before.

What I ended up forging - and it took me two months, until midway through February, to finish it -
was part sword, part mace, and part natural mechanism. It had no runes carved upon it save one, on
the hilt, giving it its name - Stormbreaker. And, if my reading of the thunderblade schematics was
correct, it would live up to its title.

The day Stormbreaker was completed, Trondar - always the monitor - ran into the forge to warn me
that enemies approached. Lokka, it seemed, had left the main Alfenheim Caverns before the ice
thawed and came south, searching for us. The elves unwittingly turned him onto our trail, and now
he was at our gates. He did not know of Stormbreaker's forging, but he knew our intent; he was
there to stop what had already come to pass.

They came in as if peacefully, and bandied words with us; in short, they demanded two things - the
return of the book we had stolen, and the return of the River Ransal entrance we had taken over.
The first we were willing to give them, the second we were not. We would not be their prisoners.
Our acquiescence to the first demand revealed to them that Stormbreaker was complete; our refusal
of the second gave them an excuse to attack us. They did so. Lokka marshalled their attack on the
tunnel entrance, while Volur tried to sneak past us and steal the sword from the forge room.

After a hard-fought battle, we were able to capture both of them. We took them to the forge room
and forced them to tell us why they had attacked us, though I suspected the reason already. Lokka
confirmed that they wanted to stop the creation of Stormbreaker. When I revealed it had already
been completed, he tried to convince me to destroy it; when I refused, he seized it from my grasp
and threw it to Volur, who had been secretly constructing a runic spell to teleport him to safety.
Trondar killed Lokka trying to prevent the theft, but it was too late; Volur had escaped with the
sword.


5. DROWN IT IN THE DEEPEST OCEAN (952 SI, February)
Volur had ported to somewhere nearby - on the surface, presumably, since there were no nearby
caverns. We rushed out of the River Ransal entrance, hoping to catch him before he could get away
with Stormbreaker.

Leaving the tunnels, we saw Volur heading down the mountainside straight towards the sea. We called
after him, trying, with threats, bribes, and pleas, to convince him to return the sword to us, but
he said he was going to 'drown it in the deepest ocean', and there was nothing we could do about
it. All seemed lost - he could easily outpace us, reaching the sea long before any of us. Fortune
was with us, however; Volur ran into a patrol of Issaelfr and was detained in the fields of
Frey-Issaeri Manor.

We approached those holding him captive, but Syren dra'Friysn, the daughter of Lord Friysr, refused
to turn him over to us. He was her captive, she said, and would remain so until she knew why he was
there. We could not possibly tell her; there was no choice but to attack the Issaelfr in order to
reclaim Stormbreaker from Volur. We did so.

When the dust of the battlefield lifted, Syren was dead, and Volur as well, felled as he tried to
escape and make his way to the ocean to finish what he started. We had retaken Stormbreaker. The
price was high, but we had retaken Stormbreaker, and all our enemies had fallen. All that remained
was to deliver it.


6. PROMISES TO KEEP (952 SI, February)
Soon Alfhelm would confront Vaniyera, and would have need of his purchase. How soon? Trondar made
some calculations... it was almost March. If Friysr had indeed sent aid to Alfhelm - where else
would he have been, for his daughter to be in charge of his manor? - they could have left Portum
Frigae, where Alfhelm had wintered, near the beginning of February. They would have been in Sidhe
lands a week ago, and would be fighting Vaniyera already. We were almost too late; even if Alfhelm
was not yet dead, there was no time to spare.

But how were we to get from Alfenheim to the forests of the Sidhe in but a few days? Though Lokka
and Volur had been slain, the Alfenheim Tunnels were closed to us, and there were no other
lodestones in the vicinity. We could not port there.

Well, there was one way. The lodestones were not the only way the hidden folk could move around
quickly; we also had the great eagles. Even the River Ransal entrance had a pen with four or five
of them. Trondar, a few chosen companions, and I myself saddled them and took off.

Though the winds over Iceswept Bay slowed us down, we reached the forests of the Sidhe in less than
a week. We were none too soon.


7. THE OLD AND THE NEW (952 SI, March)
Alfhelm was satisfied with his purchase, and our business was concluded. But I could not bear to
leave just then; I had to see if the Stormbreaker would truly break the storm. I witnessed the duel
between Alfhelm and Vaniyera, and can say truly that yes, it can.

It was time to leave the Alfhelm commission behind and return to Dverkenn Tarn. We were in no
hurry, and our eagles had been exhausted by the marathon we had made them fly; we left them behind,
and began the journey on foot. All was quiet until we had almost left the forestlands behind us.

Then came what was, in a way, the darkest hour of our journey. Walking through the forests, we
crossed paths with Faolan, the south Thunderblade of the Western March. He had heard of Vaniyera's
death and the breaking of the power of the thunderblades, and saw that none but the hidden folk -
our folk - could have crafted a weapon such as Stormbreaker.

What he did not see was why we had done so. Were we, he asked bitterly, going to slay him with a
stormbreaker as well? We denied any ill will towards him - we had only been fulfilling a contract.
He did not believe us, or, if he did, he refused to see that as a motive strong enough to commit
what he saw as sacrilege. We had fought him with hammer and anvil; now, he would force us to fight
him with spear and axe.

The Sidhe who are made Thunderblades are dread fighters, but the power had gone from Faolan's
blade. He was naught but a mann, strong as he was. He forced us to attack him, and we killed him
for it. All the Thunderblades, I think, will end this way.


EPILOGUE (952 SI, June)
The remainder of the journey back to Dverkenn Tarn was uneventful... I believe my fighting days are
over. The five months from my meeting with Alfhelm to my return to the Tarn were the most intense
of my life, and I feel older than my century and a half.

I expected to soon be called before the Masters of the Cavernei to account for my actions. Ond
knows I have much to answer for. One day in June, the summons finally arrived. Trondar and I went
to the Hall and stood before the Four Masters.

We were mildly reprimanded for the slaying of Lokka and Volur, Syren dra'Friysn and the
Thunderblade Faolan, but these deaths were not the reason the Masters wanted to speak with me. They
wished to hear about Stormbreaker, and how it managed to destroy the thunderblades.

I explained the mechanism to them, and witnessed the beginning of chaos. Midur, the Master of
Sentinels, embraced what I called a 'clockwork sword' as a brilliant creation; Gand, the Master of
Runesmiths, echoed Volur in decrying it as an abomination. The Four broke out in heated argument,
and I was dismissed before I could see the resolution, neither punished nor rewarded.
