=== DREAMS OF UGLUK ===
A campaign by Turin (Joseph Simmons)

CAST OF CHARACTERS
= MAIN CHARACTERS (in order of apperance)
== Rasduk of Alfa - a young fighter of the village
== Urduk of Alfa - brother of Rasduk, a prophet
== Soma of Ama - daughter of Koro and mate of Rasduk
= MAJOR CHARACTERS (in order of appearance)
== Garan of Elda - older friend of Rasduk, a seasoned fighter
== Sord of Wafa - lord of the village
== Koro of Essa - leader of the nomads, mate of Ama, father of Soma
== Ama of Tama - matriarch of the nomads, mate of Koro, mother of Soma
== Aro of Essa - leader of the rebels
== Alfa of Wafa - mother of Rasduk and Urduk
= MINOR CHARACTERS (in order of appearance)
== Holl of Lor - head sprinter of the village, a friend of Garan
== Tors of Emma - fire-lord, co-conspirator with Aro
== Lema of Tama - slinger, co-conspirator with Aro


INTRODUCTION
Rasduk and Urduk are twin brothers, the only two still alive from their mother Alfa's first litter. Rasduk is a fighter and leader by nature, and he has chosen the path of the hunter; Urduk has mystical tendencies, and is in training as a sparker. The village they live in has become sedentary; they have built wooden houses and try to farm the land in addition to hunting and gathering. Work had begun on a stone building that would serve as the matriarchal dwelling-place.

Rasduk and Urduk's lives were uneventful and unimportant until Urduk began having dreams, dreams prophesying danger for the village. Some new threat was coming that would destroy them all unless they left their wooden houses and once again became wanderers. Rasduk trusted Urduk, and together they went to Sord, the village leader, and told him Urduk's dream. But they were not believed.


1. Away from the Village (649 SF, August)
Rasduk and Urduk then went to Garan, a friend of Rasduk, a warrior, and convinced him to help them. They gathered as large a group as they could of those willing to leave the village and set off, taking much of the village's food and weaponry. Sord sent a party of warriors after them to recover what they took, but the followers of Urduk were able to slip away into the wilderness before they were caught. The warriors from the village were not willing to chase them there, for in the wilderness, monsters lurked.


2. The Nomads (649 SF, August)
Rasduk, Urduk, Garan, and the rest wandered for a while, but soon realized they did not have enough people to survive. They decided to join the next group of nomads they met. Soon they ran into just such a nomadic tribe, led by a mann named Koro and his mate Ama, who had a daughter, Soma. Koro refused to allow the followers of Urduk to join his tribe, and so, urged on by Goran, they attacked the nomads, slew Koro and Ama, and claimed lordship over them. Rasduk took Soma for his mate to solidify his claim to authority.


3. The Fiery Swamps (649 SF, September)
The nomads whom Rasduk had seized lordship over had a traditional ceremony for the passing on of authority; the new matriarch, the reigning male (her mate or, if she had none, her brother), and a select few of their companions must go out into the Fiery Swamps, so called for the will-o-the-wisps that lit it up, for three days and three nights, and hunt the wild beasts that lived there. Soma and Rasduk were subjected to this test. When the three days were up, Rasduk, Soma, and their companions returned from the trial with the corpses of many fell monsters.


4. Beside the River (650 SF, March)
After wintering in the southern lands, Rasduk brought the nomads back north to the steppes. As they were crossing the great southern river of the steppes, a group of rebels in the tribe, led by Aro of Essa, brother of the slain Koro, rose up to kill "Rasduk the Usurper", pinning him against the river and threatening to throw him in. Many stayed with Rasduk, however, for he had proven himself in the fiery swamps. Crucially, Soma stayed with her mate, as did all those who had come to the nomads from the old village. They were able to put down the rebellion, Aro was killed, and Soma's matriarchy was firmly established, with Rasduk as chieftain.


5. Family Reunion (652 SF, July)
Rasduk and Soma led the nomads for several years, wandering aimlessly and living off the land. Eventually Rasduk began wondering what, if anything, had happened to his old village; had Urduk's dreams come true? The nomads slowly made their way to where Rasduk remembered the village to be. There they found the ruins of houses and, sleeping in the middle of the stone matriarchal hall, a dragon. Satisfied, they turned to leave, but before they had gotten more than a few miles from the village they ran into another nomadic group. It was led by none other than Sord, Rasduk's uncle; they were the survivors of the dragon's attack. Sord and Rasduk immediately grew hostile, and a violence broke out; the sounds of battle roused the dragon, and a fierce three-way fight commenced. Rasduk emerged victorious, slaying the dragon and subduing the menn of the old village. When Sord was dead, Rasduk allowed some of the defeated, including his mother Alfa, to join with the victors, and slew the rest.


EPILOGUE (662 SF/1 SH, January)
Rasduk and Soma continued as leaders of their nomadic tribe for many years. One winter, they wandered eastwards, went through a mountain pass and a sparse forest, and came to a south-flowing river. They followed it to the ocean, and there encountered what they had never before seen - beasts who were not menn, as Rasduk knew the term, but nevertheless walked upright, wore clothes, and spoke; the latter two they did better than any menn Rasduk had ever seen. These newcomers were, of course, men, though no member of the tribe knew that word. Baffled, they decided against confronting the invaders, and led their nomadic tribe away. Rasduk never saw the men again, dying peacefully at around the age of fifty.



NOTE ON MANNISH SOCIETY
The primitive menn considered descent matriarchally, but in practice authority resided in the male. Leadership would pass, traditionally, to the mate of the daughter of the previous matriarch. Thus Sord was the mate of the matriarch, and so was lord of the village, but Rasduk and Urduk, the sons of his sister, had no authority and no expectation to inherit any. In the nomad camp, Ama was the village matriarch, and so Koro, her mate, ruled. When Koro was slain, Rasduk ought to have joined with Ama in order to claim the authority, but he was attracted to Soma. Because of this, he chose to kill Ama and join with Soma instead. Also, because society was matriarchal, when a male joined with a female he became a member of her family and tribe; this is why Rasduk felt no guilt for attacking the remains of his old village.


NOTE ON SETTING
This campaign is set in the Saecula Ferocium, the time before men arrived on Evrosia, when only orcs roamed the land. The orcs did not make maps or give places names, and so none will be used in the campaign, but it is set on the southern half of what was later called the Western Steppe.
