#ifdef THE_SUMMARY_OF_THE_CAMPAIGN
1. Return from Lavinium

You are returning from a visit to Lavinium (the Imperial Capital), where you were giving your five
year report. Soon after you crossed the mountains of Arendia, you are ambushed by marauders. You
must hurry along the road to reach Silvium, which you fear may be in danger.

Your hero starts out level 2. Starting units; probably one or two Arendian guides, and two or three
Lavinian units, all level 2 or 3. You begin traveling along the path, but when you get to a certain
point (or on a certain turn, dunno which) Marauders come out of the forests and attack you. There
is an abandoned guardpost marking the old border between Arendia and Marauder lands. You can
recruit in it. You have to either flee, and reach the signpost in time, or defeat a certain number
of enemies. You can't kill the enemy Marauder leader, or else you will lose, because he is a
nobleman and it will result in war.



2. The Raid

You were right - Silvium was under attack by Marauders. You must defeat them. You do, but
accidentally kill their leader, a Marauder noble. (You were supposed to merely capture him.) Now
the marauders want vengeance.

If you forced the Marauder lord to retreat in the previous scenario, you start out in the keep and
the marauders are just arriving. If you ran away, the scenario begins with the battle having
already commenced, and with your ally near defeat. The victory condition is to force the enemy to
retreat by killing a certain number of enemies; however, when you kill this many, the Marauder
leader does not retreat. You are not told what to do, there is just some dialogue hinting you need
to continue fighting. (The Marauder leader says he will not surrender until he is an inch from
death). You are forced to kill the enemy leader (perhaps with some scripted events near the end),
which forces you to start a war. The Marauder leader should get gold every few turns. This results
in you having to just sit around and let the Marauder get more gold to attack you with if you don't
kill him. We'll need some way to stop you from experience milking - probably have the gold be a
significant amount, say, 500. 



3. Down the Silvia River

After you realize that, since you killed a Marauder prince, they will keep attacking you until you
die, you decide to leave the province, bringing with you all people of Lavinian descent, a small
group. (Those native to the region will not be enslaved by the marauders; besides, you don't really
care about them anyway.) There is one other major city in the region, ____. You have to go down the
river, to this port city.

As you travel, a Marauder warband appears on the other side of the river, which you have been
traveling next to. You have to shepherd your charges down the road, and then stall the Marauders
before making your retreat. You should have a few slow-moving Caravan units, which need to be
brought to a signpost. Once this is done, you have to survive for, say, 5 turns. Then you win.
You can also win by killing the Marauder leader, but that should be rather hard.



4. The Port City

Once you get there, you try to convince the Tribune of this other city that you have to flee,
either to the lands of the Sidhe or by ship to Dardania. Unfortunately, the Tribune not agree with
you - he wants to turn you over to the Marauders, since, he reasons, it is only you that they want.
You must attack him and take over the city.

However, before you defeat him, Marauder raiders appear from the forest. You are forced to fight
both this Tribune and the Marauders; since you cannot defeat the Marauders thus divided, your only
hope is to either evacuate the city by boat, or make a mad dash for the Sidhe border. The
Marauders, you think, will not dare follow you into Sidhe lands.

Once you kill this other Tribune, the remnants of his army join you; their only other choice is to
continue fighting both you and the Marauders, which is suicide. At that point, the Marauders get
reinforcements; you still cannot defeat them. You have to put the civilians into ships, and
evacuate them. You yourself have to leave the city by foot, so that the Marauders will chase you
instead of getting in their longboats and destroying the helpless transport ships. Of course,
defeating the marauder leader will have the same effect as winning the scenario the other way.

As you leave the city, you burn it to slow down the Marauders.



5. Iceswept Bay

This scenario focuses not on Caius Rigilius, but on the other main character, ____. He has to lead
the ships (probably around four of them) across the Iceswept Bay and take them around to Dardania.
Eventually, of course, the Marauders realize that the civilians have left in boats, and they launch
ships to chase them - but only half-heartedly, for Caius is their main target. I have no idea how
this scenario will actually work.



6. The Other Forest

This scenario returns to the story of Caius. You have broken the seige of ____, but you are not
home free. Although the fire slowed them down, the Marauders are chasing you. You only have a day
and a half lead on them. You are trying to get to Sidhe lands, where you will ask them to protect
you from the Marauders, who are their ancient enemies. It is a bit of a gamble, since the Sidhe
dislike all men, Marauder or Lavinian.

You begin the scenario almost in Sidhe lands. You have reached the border between where the
Lavinians cleared away the forest and where the boundary with the Sidhe is. There are two rundown
Lavinian plantations here; it is night, so you make camp in one of them. The lord of the plantation
tells you about bandits living in the forest, who are just barely not across the Sidhe border. You
agree to help kill them, since you will have to pass though the forest to reach the Sidhe. On the
sixth turn of the battle, Marauders appear and begin attacking your rear flank. If any of your
units or any of the bandits or any of the Marauders step across the Sidhe border, the Sidhe emerge
from their forests and begin attacking. (If you do not step across, it happens scriptedly on turn
10 or so). The Sidhe do, however, target the Marauders more than you. Your objective is to bring a
unit next to the Sidhe leader. Once you do that, you are able to communicate with him, and he
agrees to protect you. At that point, the Sidhe are allies with you, and you just have to bring
Caius next to the Sidhe leader to win. 



6t. Mount Stormkeep

This Sidhe lord has accepted your plea for help, and brings  you to the Sidhe court at Mount
Stormkeep. There, you convince the Wild Elven Council that you are running away from the marauders,
their enemies, and you are not invading them. There is a council of Sidhe elders; most believe you,
but a minority does not. The lord who first agreed to help you argues your case, and another lord
is strongly against helping you. There are probably 4-5 members of the council total.

This is a talking scenario.



7. To Arendia

The marauders are more foolish than you thought. They dare not invade Sidhe lands, but they are
fine with entering Arendia. They reach the mountain pass that you must take just as the Sidhe have
brought you there. The sidhe ally with you, but after the lord who wants to help you is killed by
Marauders, the opposing Lord takes over, and you have to fight both sidhe and marauders. You cannot
defeat them; you have to bring Caius south through the mountain pass to the safety of Arendia.

The scenario plays out relatively normally. At some point in the scenario, a Marauder ambush
appears next to the Sidhe leader. This should happen at the beginning of the Marauder turn - that
way, you can't interfere, and save the Sidhe leader when that was not supposed to be able to
happen. We need to create fake Marauder units that will hit every time and will not be killed by
the Sidhe leader's retaliation. Then, replace them with normal Marauder units, and let them be
killed by the remaining Sidhe units, one of which, the other Lord, becomes a leader unit.



7t. The Emperor

You come back to Lavinium, the capital city of the Empire, in disgrace. Unintentionally, you have
sparked a war between the Lavinian Empire and the Marauders, and have turned the Sidhe completely
against you. The stage is set for the final battle between the Marauders and the Lavinians. You are
brought before the Emperor to account for your actions.



BONUS SCENARIO: Two Years Later

The Emperor was not pleased with your flight from Silvia. You are, for a time, removed from the
Legion. However, the war with the Marauders proves long, and costly. The Empire has need of
experienced commanders to take the place of those who have fallen. You are sent to the new front,
the border between Arendia and the former province of Silvia. There you will repulse the Marauders
 - or die.

This scenario is unwinnable, any you don't need to play it to have been considered to "win the
campaign". Basically, there is a Marauder leader, and you get to recall your advanced units from
the campaign as well as recruit new ones; however, your gold should be a set amount, say, 1000,
instead of being carried over from previous scenarios. The Marauder leader just keeps getting
better and better (i.e., more gold and recruiting better units), until eventually you die. It
sounds to me like a fun way to actually use all of the excess advanced units you accumulate over
the course of the campaign. Theoretically, you could have a large enough army to beat the Marauder
leader, but... I doubt that will happen. If it does, well, then the player REALLY beat the
campaign. ;)

#endif
